Fix globals, part 6: `performance` (#33339)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performance/index.md

The **`Performance`** interface provides access to performance-related information for the current page.

> An object of this type can be obtained by calling `window.performance` or `self.performance` in workers. Note that Performance entries are per context. If you create a mark on the main thread (or other worker), you cannot see it in a worker thread, and vice versa. See {{domxref("window.performance")}} for which APIs are available in window and worker contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance entries are specific to each execution context. You can access performance information for code running in a window via {{domxref("Window.performance")}}, and for code running in a worker via {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.performance")}}.
```
